As well as also the strengthening of meditation and, again, practice, it's just a really wonderful
time,
wonderful moment to be together in this beautiful country, in beautiful places, in beautiful area
or temple.
I'm very grateful, thankful you all will be here to be together with us and with practice.
And then as you all know, this time, with Ristatana, our practice, meditation, and also named as,
known as the windhorse energy, energy, raising of the windhorse energy.
This windhorse energy practice is generally very, very important in the Buddha's teaching,
taught, and as well as very much highlighted by the great master, Murugan Maasimha.
And then all those great master, one after another, every great teacher, and including, as we know,
the great, our teacher, Hinti Baddishar Murugan, is also always kind of focused on doing every
moment
or every session that he do these practices, he activated his practices, even every end of the
session, you know, or mostly end of the sessions, he called flat jallos. This flat jallos, one way,
is upon in a kind of very casual, but it's also casual, same time is very deep meaning
of the raising of this positive energy. Fly is the Tibetan word, which means divine.
The divine call it with energy is our vitality of the Buddha nature. That is what really raising up
.
And jallos is a Tibetan word, which means victorious. So, victorious is the positives.
And commonly, that is what is, but the great master, Murugan, and as well as Hinti Baddishar
Murugan, always taught. This flat jallos means many levels, but deep down, it means our courage,
commitment, confidence, and we target with this, the beautiful inner Chinese call it,
that we all inherited, which is our own beings, our unique call it, inherited in the Buddha nature.
Or which is Buddha nature. That is what really brings up. That is glorified. Because this is not
glorified. This is, this Buddha nature is hidden. This positive energy is hidden with so many
turbulence of the, all the emotions and happiness is really dimmed in ourself. Then what is,
externally we feel very discouraged, disappointment, and kind of like not going well, everything
alone.
And then we feel so kind of bad, weak, and disappointment. And then also losing our
confidence. And then kind of not good everything around us. And this not good, that not good.
And then deep down, eventually, if it turns back to ourself, we become beginning to blame it to
ourself. All those happened because we didn't glorify our potential, our goodness call it,
of the inherited, this Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha.
Thank you. So therefore, this is what we are raising of this wind horse energy.
This is, and the wind is very important. Again, every time when we practice,
always you build, calm wind, wisdom wind. Wind is really so important. I mean, this,
actually in the Buddha's teaching and in the higher teaching of the, of the Vedayana teaching,
mentioned this like the subtle wind and consciousness. That is what is moving forward
force. It moves from life to life. This consciousness moves with wind energy,
wind energy. And that is connected to the most subtle wind, wisdom, energies. And then because
of that, we have all these wind golems, five principle winds, and then five subrent wind,
which is in the Buddha's teaching and at that dimension, the wind, oh, and then external this
wind is a big measure for to move and shifting, renew the energy of external level. This wind
is too, but inwardly this wind is so, so important, so important. This wind lead to the samsara,
wind lead to the nirvana, wind is like as often they use metaphor as a horse or a vehicle that
lead every direction. So when we redirect this wind energy and the same at that momentism,
if we use this energy, then it really makes something, everything so bright and important
for those reason, the wind horse. That's what called the wind horse practices.
That's it. So therefore it's very wind is so, so important and so, so, so, so special to use this.
And then this time we're using this wind energy as a raising wind horse energy, which is in the
bed called the lungtam, and which is again, which we use this color, the mantra, intention and idea
,
and then external support of the wind wind, all that bring up this blow, this blowing, like,
what's called this name, blowing, blowing, blowing the wind. But what is does that is external,
but in early our vitality of the old energies began to grow. And our energies then in the
in the Buddha's teaching, what there's five different energies, wisdom energies,
those five wisdom energies are reflected in the form of colors. Those are the white, yellow, red,
blue, green, those are named. So you're using those external, that circumstance,
interdependent coordinate systems. And that reflecting to the inwardly and then
restarting out this beautiful energy, energy and physically energy. And then it goes to deep down
to the Buddha nature is bright up our energy. And then it brings, I mean, it's bright, brings out
energy, confidence. And then our correct, correct, confidence, commitment, our love, kindness,
understand, all those really comes very strong. And with that reflect externally, also the
circumstance are really changed in the chapter, it created or it brings up the beautiful film of
the circumstance and the conditions so that so we can have good performance also in, in the world
levels and something, everything comes so nicely, beautiful, good health, joy, peace, happiness,
prosperity, kind of furniture, everything kind of comes nice. And even the difficult comes,
it kind of, we have some skills and methods that we're not crocheted by this circumstance.
And rather it ignited our quality of commitment, glorified that all this happens. So this is what
really it means, this wind force added, this is something so special. And then in the opening,
when you ask some great masters what to need to do and ask in it ability to do that also sometimes
a lot on what's called divinations, divinations. And when you ask the wafer of the, your lives and
the situation, you do this, ask it to, they will do the divination. When they do divinations,
then also there's a lot of things that they always say you need to raise up the wind force and you
raise up the brave flex and so on and so forth. And then they do that two or three brave flex,
four brave flex. But here we do so many brave flexes. So it's really that we all don't talk
with the brave of this, this energy, wind horse energy or this beautiful metallic ecologist is
very, very special to do. And that we do within such as practice of the, oh, Mantra and Guru Pima,
Sambhava and white umbrella or the Tara, all such as then the Kesa, and as well as then
such as Yankthi Chimo Kundi, which is the tool of the, that will defeat all the negative forces.
So forth, this is all is so special practices. So therefore, it is really very special to do this.
And then for joking this, we are doing this time is with the white umbrella. Again, white umbrella
practices is so that you all know, many of you already heard is very special practices. And
actually white umbrella is the emanation of Tara or Tara is the emanation of the white umbrellas.
And in the, in the teachings said the Buddha Chaturmani, when he give this particular, this
white umbrella teaching, he was to see the heaven in the, exactly that in front of the, where in
the
relief in that, in the way his path or garden Buddha is residing in that beautiful places,
really many Sangha members, such as monks and nuns and bodhisattva and many God's lamps,
all that they are there. And that moment, then Buddha entered such as Samadhi, known as then
that behold of the the deep meaning of the kurumjakra and the kurumjakra meditation,
the Buddha entered in that chakra and that moment, then sub-echoed the whole teaching of the white
umbrella from the kurumjakra and all that teaching came, the white umbrella teaching. And this
white
umbrella teaching is then known as like as in here is, I mean that the sutra is called white
umbrella,
umbrella that defeated all the negative forces and and as well as reversed all the bad
circumstances to the favorable conditions. And that is the title of the sutra of the what the
Buddha when he entered in the kurumjakra meditation stages. So, so that is the, what the teaching
is.
And this means that like that would defeat all that, all that defeated in all negative forces.
And again, what is negative forces? There is external negative forces and then inner negative
forces. External negative forces such as often known as then all the bad circumstances, externals,
that is visible and tangible ways, intangible ways. Those are known as like like yeah,
intangible, intangible. Untangible obstacles as related with humans, animals, fires or the
poor elements, fire, water, winds. Those are the like tangible obstacles, obstacles. Intangible
obstacles such as then invisible beings. We have some kind of thought of the invisible beings like
spirit, what they are thinking of as the spirit, all the negative such as a ghost or some kind of
invisible beings that's it. They're making some obstacles. Generally in the Buddha's teaching,
human being is one of the beings among the six realms. There is many other beings and those are
known as them and such as hunger ghosts and asuras and as well gods. And many times those are
invisible
beings are connected with sometimes hunger ghosts or could be asuras. Anyway, there is in the
teaching, there is many also kind of invisible beings. And those invisible beings are not
necessarily always makes us trouble, trouble to us. But however, sometimes we human beings are also
went on their ways or we did they kind of had some obstacles and some kind of hindrance to them.
And
then their reality too. They make some obstacles and then it make them uncomfortable and then
become maybe more obstacles to us, effort more us than to them immediately levels. But generally in
the Buddha's teaching often he said and teaching of the Gurbi of Mahasambhava that we can make
lot of obstacles to them. More, more we can make obstacles than than then they ask eventually.
Because human beings are very much powerful generally with the many different academic
conditions and such as well as also many different like they have some positive energies and such
as
the teachings and the practices. If we didn't use the right way those teachings and practices with
right motivation that really could make big interference. And then sometimes we make also
kind of a little bit more only thinking of us and not thinking of others or them. Then we make
kind of very big unbalanced and uncomfortable to them. And such as for example in Gurbi of Mahasamb
hava
teaching said even those great thetans when they revealed that they are my teachings,
they're my teachings and always in the teaching said we should not disturb those invisible beings
within all those invisible beings who are residing that area where they discover at them my
teaching
we should make very special ceremony offerings and kind of respect it to those
allowance to discover those them a teaching from the earth or from the life or the from the rocky
mountains. And then after they discover the them my teachings even they have to put something back
there so it is really balanced and replaced back with ceremony. Those all teaching said and those
are so important to maintain the intact of the the energy of the element and art element and that
then immediately effort to the water, fire and wind element and then you go to the space energy
that teaching said. And these days for example Mankin would always say that too many times he said
and I heard from other great masters these times modern technology become so strong and they just
can't without consideration or thinking of anything and they just using as much as they can
with all the elements in particular art and water and so forth and they disturb really that and I
think that might maybe the one reason there's so many natural disasters are coming one after
another
that it may be is not used to be maybe 20 years ago or 30 years ago I mean or that time maybe we
don't have exactly this new niche coverage and that because we that's why we don't have but now
there's so many things happening one after another and this is the old kind of disturb the element
I think that's really occurred in my teaching and the teaching of the group and my summer and then
Buddha teaching that's what I think is really happening and therefore again so for those all
reasons if we do this for some of the spray flakes this wind raising of the wind horse energy
it's not just a wheel raising of the wind horse and our self every time our practice is connected
with both each other and that's the teaching of the Buddha and some of all the great masters
when we raise up this wind horse energy when we raise up the spray flakes when it's blowing the
air to every different directions it carries that our beautiful motivation with the blessings of
the
Buddha's mantra and their meditation according to their instruction it really spread out all over
and then of course in the effort to ask more and so it removes our obstacles disease sicknesses
is bring our beautiful all those energy I mentioned that so this is generally very
brim kind of meaning of this wind horse energy practices and then it's also connected to the
white umbrella as I said white umbrella it is many of those spray flakes here is white umbrella
practices